add note for document() function (#1016)
arangodb/docs: 3.9/aql/functions-miscellaneous.md

  strings and document keys
- returns **doc** (document\|array\|null): the content of the found document,
  an array of all found documents or *null* if nothing was found
  
{% hint 'info' %}

> Note that it is preferred to use subqueries or the `FOR` function with filters

Reviewer: Please change to "It is recommended to use subqueries or the `FOR` function with filters over `DOCUMENT()`, because the latter cannot use indices. The `FOR` function can then be combined with filters supporting sorting."

> over `DOCUMENT()`, since this won't be able to use indices. The `FOR` function

Reviewer: Please make the `FOR` function a link to the corresponding topic.

> Note that it is preferred to use subqueries or the `FOR` function with filters
> over `DOCUMENT()`, since this won't be able to use indices. The `FOR` function
> can then be combined with filters supporting sorting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that it is preferred to use subqueries with the `FOR` statement using filters
 over `DOCUMENT()`, since this won't be able to use indices. The `FOR` function
can then be combined with filters supporting sorting.
```
